There you are , youtube election, where I
Teaching you
there is how to talk about your visit here in the new
the bonus in the room with the powder
It's crazy, I'm going to stay here talking.
so let's get started so I do not give it
he's the one that's going to leave mine.
attention of the video the video here is not only
one up to the voice changing only here boxee
Ox powder box standing intern
adopt a role then to download the package
voices is the touch in a packet and
below me if I have a man 's voice
thicker I have but the voice is the
champion then end
so sometimes below here anyone and
left the team
and even cataloging it will be
because later you are you could
modify skype on skype in
tools audio options and go here
on the microphone and there will be that microphone
here is original
aquino and hungry and in audio will change
change in the video how I am doing I
I have changed singing and even in options.
here are O brother in options is something is
I do not know how to explain the studio 5 correctly.
I'm talking only got it for next
He said the tap is personal, he said I want to talk.
with you spoke
and own zoo and take it if you like
track and I'm mine
personally liked bolina avoid dish
mothers day
and I'm going to pay tribute to my mother
Said the guy looked at the next one.